Use cli::cli_abort() in all steps (#1262)
tidymodels/recipes: tests/testthat/_snaps/window.md

    Condition
      Error in `step_window()`:
      Caused by error in `prep()`:

>       ! There were 2 terms selected but 1 values for the new features were passed to `names`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ! There were 2 terms selected but 1 value for the new features was passed to `names`.
```

pluralization is currently correct for the plural case, though :)
